noise shape for dropout (#563)
FluxML/Flux.jl: NEWS.md

# v0.8.0

> * [Dropoutnow has a `dims` argument for specifying the unbroadcast dimensions.](https://github.com/FluxML/Flux.jl/pull/563)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Dropout now has a `dims` argument for specifying the unbroadcast dimensions.](https://github.com/FluxML/Flux.jl/pull/563)
```
